How dare you talk to me like that.
Do you believe what I say? Let you get out of the Hexian Group.
What are you doing to tell me to get out? You don't claim to be the president or vice president or something.
Then you can tell me. No matter how many phone calls there are.
His personal assistant is here again. A car that was repaired by the public.
Why do you come down and say you are the deputy president?
That's my word.
It was sent back by the vice president himself.
I think what Lin Jiaojiao said makes sense.
We did not see the vice president.
Send a letter. How about you call the vice president in front of everyone?
I left the plane from here
How could I do it because of this little thing?
Didn’t I just say that I was the president?
Then why don't you dare to make a phone call now?
Your relationship with the vice president is so settled
What confidence do you have in thinking he will help you?
What do I want? The vice president has no feelings
Why is his watch on me?